Add links to Swift Extension documentation (#1117)
swiftlang/swift-org-website: documentation/articles/getting-started-with-vscode-swift.md

![Reload VS Code warning](/assets/images/getting-started-with-vscode-swift/toolchain-selection/reload.png)

## Learn More and Contribute

The official documentation for this extension is [available on swift.org](https://docs.swift.org/vscode/documentation/userdocs).

> To propose new features, you can post on the [swift.org forums](https://forums.swift.org) in the [VS Code Swift Extension category](https://forums.swift.org/c/related-projects/vscode-swift-extension/). If you run into something that doesn't work the way you'd expect, you can [file an issue in the GitHub repository](https://github.com/swiftlang/vscode-swift/issues/new).

Reviewer: Not a mandated change, but one that I think would make this better - drop the dual links to the forums, in favor of just the one link that goes to the category you'd like people to communicate within.

```suggestion
To propose new features, you can post on the Swift forums in the [VS Code Swift Extension category](https://forums.swift.org/c/related-projects/vscode-swift-extension/). If you run into something that doesn't work the way you'd expect, please [file an issue in the extension's GitHub repository](https://github.com/swiftlang/vscode-swift/issues/new).
```

Author: Good suggestions thank you! Will switch to this.

> Contributions, including code, tests, and documentation, are welcome. For more details, please refer to the [contribution guide](https://github.com/swiftlang/vscode-swift/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project welcomes contributions, including code, tests, and documentation. For more details on how to contribute, please read to the [contribution guide](https://github.com/swiftlang/vscode-swift/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

(switches up from passive voice to active, inviting contributions on behalf of the project, as well as directly guiding to the contributing guide)

Author: Sounds good, thank you!
